<!--******************************************************************
 * Copyright (c) 2000-2018, 2019 S.Bhatnagar
 *
 *   This file is part of fussy.
 *
 *   fussy is a free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
 *   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 *   the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
 *   (at your option) any later version.
 *
 *   fussy is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 *   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 *   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 *   GNU General Public License for more details.
 *
 *   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 *   along with fussy.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
 *
******************************************************************-->


GNU FUSSY


The GNU _fussy_ program implements a scripting language with an algorithm
for automatic error propagation of random measurement errors in an
arbitrary mathematical expression. The program can be used a simple
interactive calculator with error propagation. Mathematical expressions
can be implemented as a collection of sub-expressions, as sub-program
units (functions or procedures) or as single atomic expressions.
Sub-expressions can be assigned to temporary variables which can then be
used to write the final expression. The interpreter is internally
implemented as a virtual machine for efficient runtime performance and
can be used as an interpreter in a client code as well. A simple C
binding to the interpreter is also provided.

The syntax of _fussy_ is similar to that of C programming
language. It is easy, particularly for those familiar with programming
in C, to use _fussy_ with minimal learning. In its simplest form,
_fussy_ interpretor can be used interactively as a simple calculator
with the added feature of automatic error prograpation (see syntax for
simple expressions, sub-expressions, and functions/procedure).


Installation
------------

The installation instructions in the INSTALL file should work for most
GNU Linux-type OS distributions.  However if "./configure && make
check" does not work for you, please try just running "./build".  The
"build" script is distributed with GNU fussy.



IF YOU FIND THE SOFTWARE USEFUL, WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU
WITH YOUR COMMENTS/SUGGESTIONS.

PLEASE ALSO REFER TO ITS USAGE IN YOUR PUBLICATION BY QUOTING THE
FOLLOWING:

-   Project homepage:
         https://www.gnu.org/software/fussy

-   Code reposatories:
         https://savannah.gnu.org/projects/fussy
         HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/SANBEE/FUSSY

-   GNU fussy manual:
         https://www.gnu.org/software/fussy/manual

-   Web-paper: 
         HTTP://SANBEE.GITHUB.IO/FUSSY/HTML/FUSSY.HTML

